I'm going to show how I use Warp to
learn unfamiliar parts of a codebase. Uh
I'm going to do this in Warp's own
codebase uh with this new agents pop-up
that we have, which is something we just
added. I want to add a button to it, but
I don't know how it works, and I don't
know where in the code it is. So, I'm
going to ask Warp to explain it to me.
Please explain to me how the agent popup
code is structured, where it lives in
the codebase, and how it is rendered and
called. I want to understand the full
data flow and structure of that
component so that I can figure out how
to add a new agent button to it. So as
this runs, I'll call out some cool
things. This is like I said working on
Warps codebase which is over a million
lines of Rust code with a custom UI
framework. So it's not a simple uh a
simple thing to understand. First we use
semantic search which is uh like a
vectorzed embedding search to try to
figure out where the right code might
be. It's done a good job. It found the
what I assume is the file here, this
agent management popup. Then it switches
into a mode of searching where it uses
GP and searches for uh specific strings
across the codebase. You'll notice it
kind of trades off doing these different
kinds of searches. Here it's reading us
a specific file, which you know, I'm
ashamed to say is like a 10,000line
file. And so it breaks it into smaller
pieces and just reads the relevant
sections, which is a smart thing to do.
Then it goes and iteratively searches
for these symbols and then reads the
files. And so it's going to do this for
a second and then it's going to be able
to give me a good explanation of the
structure. So let's take a look at what
we got here. Seems right. This is where
the popup is defined. This is where it's
rendered into our workspace and these
are the actions associated with it. It
gives me a overview of each of these
pieces of code. Wow, this is really
cool. It's showing me how our tab bar is
rendered and where the the popup is
added. It's giving me a very detailed
explanation here, which is exactly what
I want. And then it tells me how I could
get started on building the feature that
I described. Thank you and hope this was
helpful.